Vending Machine for customer.

Title:
    A customer puts $2.00 into a vending machine.

Narrative: 
    As a customer I want to be able to pick what food I want from the vending machine that I am able to buy with
    the $2.00 I have so that it can satisfy my hunger and make me happy.      
    In order to satisfy my hunger and make me happy, a customer wants to be able to pick what food he wants at his 
    own will through A4 - D4 with a button that will dispense the food once pressed and is within his budget.

Scenario:
    Given an enviroment where the customer is able to use the vending machine
    When the customer puts in $2.00, he should see how much he puts in and it will display what food he can buy
    (either display all the food or food he can buy).
    And when the customer has decided what to get, he should be able to press the button (through A4-D4).
    Then when the customer has pressed the button, the food according to the label that he has picked should be 
    dispensed down the vending machine. 
    And in the case that that the customer has put too much money, he should get change with no pennies and rounded up
    (canaidan prices, no taxes)
    And in the case that the customer has put too little money, it should say how much money he is missing 
    and how much more he should put in. The button will not work until the balance is exactly to the price
    of the good.
    **Extra** The customer has a button that will drop out all the change if needed to be. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Vending Machine for the owner of the vending machine.

Title: 
    The owner of the vending machine wants to manage the vending machine.

Narrative:
    As a the owner of the vending machine I want a feature to manage my inventory and change (as in coins)
    so that it can help me manage the vending machine easier.
    In order to make managing the vending machine easier, a owner wants a way to print all the inventory, 
    in the case that one of the items are low or none, a owner wants a way to refill inventory and in the case 
    that the change is low or none(x amount of coins left then have to refill), a owner wants to print
    all the available change and a way to refill change and also.

Scenario:
    Given an environment where inventory is low (A2,B3,C1,D4) and change is 
    low ($0.25 and $1.00 out of $0.05, $0.10, $2.00) but the owner does not know. 
    When the owner presses a button, one for inventory and one for change, he should get a list
    of all the inventory and change available.
    And when he sees that the inventory or change is below x amount.
    Then he should be able to input inventory and change that are below x through (function).






